how are you doing I'm doing great I'm
doing really good I'm really happy to be
here you know we ran into each other at
dinner in Phoenix Arizona you and I yeah
no I'm just kidding you yeah no that was
so high that wasn't cool it was very
cool this I was at a restaurant with my
family and my daughter Katie who's now
28 years old I think she was 27 at the
time and we you know she was she grew up
I showed her all the shows and now I
show my younger kids and I heard you
were coming I was like oh I wonder if we
can get him to come eat with us and when
I got there they said Oh Jimmy Kimmel's
waiting for you and I thought I was
getting Punk'd or something I I didn't
really believe that and he went you know
nodded and I looked over and there you
are was there we were there that
pizzeria Bianco and yelling Pizza
together mmm that was a lot of fun it
was delicious
and by the way I would also like to say
congratulations on the 35th anniversary
of pee-wee's big adventure I can't
believe it's been 35 years well not many
people understand that I was only eight
when I made them I think a lot of people
don't understand that you made the TV
show after you made the movie right I
mean that's right I did the opposite
most people go from the movies from
television into the movies I went from
movies into television and I'm glad
you're talking about it I'm glad you're
here to talk about it because that movie
is one of the greatest ever oh thank you
yeah I I get so much feedback from
people about your show doing your show
people always say to me I love this I
love that different things that I did on
your show in the past really one of the
things people talk to me the most about
is something we put me into an old
educational film it was something I
think it was called banana banana land
something like that you remember that no
way
some of the capital cities of Fernando
laughs there is larges
Jacksonville Florida Wow that big heads
up in Adalind but Street Republic
where's the well laid out and
beautifully planned by God
clearly banana guard come and roll
bananas are shipped by rail across
country in special cargo to and from
Wow
[Applause]
yeah a trip down memory lane really was
you know what I always remember is when
we made you a contestant on America's
Got Talent
you remember that do I then I
[Applause]
some letters about that one not so sure
knives out hey do you remember you
remember that time when I congratulated
you on the 35th anniversary of pee-wee's
big adventure that sounds so familiar
yeah do i and by the way I would also
like to say congratulations on the 35th
anniversary of
[Applause]
[Music]
it's all coming flooding back to me do
you remember the time that I cut off Gil
yeah Moe's tie and then made a fool out
of him huh no I actually don't remember
that I don't remember that one either
remember oh I remember you do yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
that's right this brings this piece of
Atty brings back those memories will you
be sharing these memories I know you're
writing a memoir right I am
yes you are yes will this be about
peewee or Paul the memoir you know it's
about both of us but I have to say when
I'm writing it I get all confused with
which story and who I am in each story
and I'm in the middle of something I
love this story it sounds like it sounds
like you might need to see a
psychiatrist is really what it sounds
like it really does and on the on the
show this 35th anniversary show what's
the plan for that what will people see
you watch the movie you watch the movie
then I'm gonna come out and tell never
be hurt never before heard stories about
the movie these are stories you've never
told him Paul would never call before
behind the scenes stuff will it be a Q&A
I know you're fishing around for me to
tell you something I would love for you
never I gotta tell you something they
won't really have to beg me I think all
the shows have sold out already right
yeah yeah I tried to cancel you can't
cancel who's they promote but tell us
one story yeah one of the stories well
these these are the cut stories okay
give me a cut story alone over when
there's a there's a character in them in
the movie called Large Marge
yes Large Marge oh yeah me and the
director Tim Burton told the hair
department we want large Marge's hair to
look like Don King really yeah yeah oh
well maybe people don't over God king is
well suffice it to say his hair is crazy
his hair looks just like large Marchesa
and Tim Burt was the director which in
Burton was 27 years old Wow Tim's first
feature film yep hooking up with Tim
Burton Tommy there's no hope you come
see the show oh I say
that's a long story have celebrity
guests on stage with you yes we have I
have people that are flying to each city
Morgan Fairchild the different people
that are in the movies James Brolin
people will be in each city great and
then my understudy just coincidentally
is a celebrity who just well in case I
were to get sick and he knows almost
nothing about the movie so I'm hoping
that you know he doesn't have to go on
but it's Matthew Broderick he is your
understudy doing the traveling with you
can city to city yeah and in something
happens I know they could talk about
Ferris Bueller or something yeah I don't
actually know who he is
he's very talented yes he was very
highly right well I would say go get
tickets to this show but the tickets are
there any tickets remaining no it's
impossible not be able to see pee-wee's
big adventure 35th anniversary tour but
if you already have tickets it starts
February 14th at the Newmark theater in
Portland Oregon Paul Reubens everybody
thanks for watching if you liked that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings